Builing OpenCV for the Jetson Xavier
Dec. 16, 2019
H. Direen


Build OpenCV 3.4 on NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier Developer Kit
Ref:  https://www.jetsonhacks.com/2018/11/08/build-opencv-3-4-on-nvidia-jetson-agx-xavier-developer-kit/

In order to get access to cameras using OpenCV on the NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier, you need to build the library from source. 


HomeCUDABuild OpenCV 3.4 on NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier Developer Kit
Build OpenCV 3.4 on NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier Developer Kit

November 8, 2018 kangalow CUDA, Gstreamer, OpenCV, Xavier 14

In order to get access to cameras using OpenCV on the NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier, you need to build the library from source. Looky here:

Background

Using JetPack 4.1, you may install OpenCV as an option. However, that particular version of OpenCV does not support CUDA or camera input.

What to do? Build it yourself of course!

Fortunately we have some convenience scripts to help with that task in the JetsonHacks repository buildOpenCVXavier on Github.
Installation

You should note that OpenCV is a rich environment, and can be custom tailored to your needs. As such, some of the more common options are in the build command, but are not comprehensive. Modify the options to suit your needs.
Library location

With this script release, the script now installs OpenCV in /usr/local. Earlier versions of this script installed in /usr. You may have to set your include and libraries and/or PYTHONPATH to point to the new version. See the Examples folder. Alternatively, you may want to change the script to install into the /usr directory.

All of this may lead to a conflict. You may consider removing OpenCV installed by JetPack before performing this script installation:

    $ sudo apt-get purge libopencv*

Options

Make sure to read through the install script. In the script, here are some of the options that were included:

    CUDA
    Fast Math (cuBLAS)
    OpenGL
    GStreamer 1.0
    Video 4 Linux (V4L)
    Python 2.7 and Python 3.5 support
    TBB (Threading Build Blocks)

Build and Install

To download the source, build and install OpenCV:

    $ git clone https://github.com/jetsonhacks/buildOpenCVXavier.git
    $ cd buildOpenCVXavier
    $ git checkout v1.0
    $ ./buildOpenCV.sh


Notes

    This is meant to be a template for building your own custom version of OpenCV, pick and choose your own modules and options
    Most people do NOT have both the JetPack installed and the source built OpenCV on their system. Some people have noted success using both however, check the forums.
    Different modules and setting may require different dependencies, make sure to look for error messages when building.
    In the video, there are two cameras. One is a camera from a Jetson TX1 Development Kit plugged in to the AGX Xavier camera port (located on the underside of the carrier board). The second camera is a Logitech C920 webcam connected via USB.





